I was a very challenging student, and I was someone who loved a party, loud music, dancing.
I would get to the party right when it started, and I would stay until the very end.
She had many changes to make. I was afraid to bring it up.
I don't know what it was about that energy and that music. It was just made me feel alive,
you know? I don't know. It was very powerful.
I would say, oh, Jehovah, how can I tell her, Rackel, the way you were living is not Jehovah's way.
I didn't think I would actually have to let go of anything. I thought I could do what I wanted
and serve Jehovah too. So it took me a while to help her understand that there was no way around
having to make major changes. I remember saying, all right, that's it. No, I don't agree. This is not
going to happen. Then I'd say, that's it. She's not coming back. When I started to understand
that to please Jehovah, I would have to give up some of those things. There was no satisfaction
in any of them anymore. The hair, the makeup, the whole persona. Being there just didn't make sense
anymore. I remember getting home and thinking, Hackel, what are you doing with your life?
There was such a void, such a big void, but maybe feeling that emptiness was what I needed.
It took me a while to understand that Jehovah's ways are superior and would only benefit me.
You could see how the truth was impacting her life and she started making changes. It was wonderful.
She helped me come to the conclusion that based on the Bible, no, this type of lifestyle,
this type of partying, never will be conducive to the life I want to lead. But Jehovah and the
angels, they didn't give up on me. They were able to find a little bit of good through it all.
They helped me every day, no matter what I was going through. They were always there.
The first I doubted that she would change because I was looking at the situation from my own point
of view, how I was helping, what I was doing. That it's not me, it's Jehovah who brings about change.
We're just tools that he uses to help others change.
Honestly, if Marilda hadn't talked to me and made it clear what I needed to change,
I don't think I ever would have changed. We should never doubt if Jehovah is drawing someone
that person could change. I was only able to help her because of Jehovah.